README.md, before:

# BASH Script to Preview Markdown File In TMux

This is a BASH script to live-preview Markdown files in tmux.

It takes as a parameter the path to the Markdown file you want to preview. In your current tmux pane, it starts up a watcher
for changes that file. It also opens another tmux pane with a live server to serve up a preview. In most cases, the preview
should then automatically open in your web browser. The preview will update whenever the Markdown file changes on disk. When
you're done, go to the file watcher and press "q". It will close both the watcher and the server.

The following optional parameters are available:

* **-c** is URL to an alternate CSS file
* **-h** splits horizontally instead of vertically
* **-f** is the input format (GitHub-flavored Markdown if unspecified)

It requires the following:

* tmux (running)
* [entr](https://github.com/tapio/live-server) (the file watcher)
* [live-server](https://github.com/tapio/live-server) (to serve the automatically-updating preview)
* [pandoc](https://pandoc.org/) (to convert the Markdown file to HTML)

The CSS file, by default, is tufte, from [otsaloma/markdown-css](https://github.com/otsaloma/markdown-css). Alternate
stylesheets need to be served with the correct mimetype. For gist and GitHub links, that means using
[RawGit](https://rawgit.com/) URLs.

Suggestions include:

* killercup's: [gist](https://gist.github.com/killercup/5917178) /
[RawGit](https://rawgit.com/killercup/5917178/raw/8b9903f2d4cc0b2f572f80d2cf3e2380cd264948/pandoc.css)
* benjam's: [homepage](http://benjam.info/panam/) / [css](http://benjam.info/panam/styling.css)

The formats option ("-f") is exactly the same as the corresponding option in pandoc ("-f"), and is directly translated to it.

![screenshot](screenshot.png)

Commit message:

Document how to recreate the screenshot

README.md, after:

# BASH Script to Preview Markdown File In TMux

This is a BASH script to live-preview Markdown files in tmux.

It takes as a parameter the path to the Markdown file you want to preview. In your current tmux pane, it starts up a watcher
for changes that file. It also opens another tmux pane with a live server to serve up a preview. In most cases, the preview
should then automatically open in your web browser. The preview will update whenever the Markdown file changes on disk. When
you're done, go to the file watcher and press "q". It will close both the watcher and the server.

The following optional parameters are available:

* **-c** is URL to an alternate CSS file
* **-h** splits horizontally instead of vertically
* **-f** is the input format (GitHub-flavored Markdown if unspecified)

It requires the following:

* tmux (running)
* [entr](https://github.com/tapio/live-server) (the file watcher)
* [live-server](https://github.com/tapio/live-server) (to serve the automatically-updating preview)
* [pandoc](https://pandoc.org/) (to convert the Markdown file to HTML)

The CSS file, by default, is tufte, from [otsaloma/markdown-css](https://github.com/otsaloma/markdown-css). Alternate
stylesheets need to be served with the correct mimetype. For gist and GitHub links, that means using
[RawGit](https://rawgit.com/) URLs.

Suggestions include:

* killercup's: [gist](https://gist.github.com/killercup/5917178) /
[RawGit](https://rawgit.com/killercup/5917178/raw/8b9903f2d4cc0b2f572f80d2cf3e2380cd264948/pandoc.css)
* benjam's: [homepage](http://benjam.info/panam/) / [css](http://benjam.info/panam/styling.css)

The formats option ("-f") is exactly the same as the corresponding option in pandoc ("-f"), and is directly translated to it.

In the following screenshot, I opened a split under vim, switched to it, and did:

	./md_preview -h README.md

![screenshot](screenshot.png)
